---
layout: post
title: "Resume"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---

## Tim Chen, 陳怡然

```plaintext
Email: inferno6562@gmail.com
Phone: 0928-572-532
```

## About Me

* Results-driven professional with expertise in developing Power Automate flows and Power App applications.
* Proficient in integrating Oracle, HCL Notes, and other applications to drive business efficiency.
* Skilled in implementing business workflows in Jira Software using the ScriptRunner add-on.
* Experienced HCL Notes designer and administrator with a strong background in system integration.
* Proactive learner committed to continuously improving professional skills and knowledge.
* Independent thinker with a proven ability to develop multiple solutions to complex problems.

## Skills and Performances

* Power Platform
  * Designed and developed a CRM application that integrates leads from the official website, sends mail notifications, and tracks email activities.
* Jira Software
  * Designed and implemented custom R&D workflows in Jira Software, from specification to deployment, including evaluation, development, testing, and publication.
* HCL Notes
  * Developed and implemented new business process forms in HCL Notes, integrated data with Oracle systems, and provided support for general Notes-related issues.

## Careers

* 2018/07 ~ Now: Senior Software Engineer, IEI Integration Corp. 3022
* Power Platform
  * CRM application on Power Apps.
  * Development of Power Automate and Power Apps with integration with Oracle and Notes.
* Jira
  * Development of custom workflow for R&D process management with ScriptRunner addon.
  * Design and development of personnel performance statistics.
  * Account authorization control and data security risk management.
* HCL Notes
  * Responsible for data integration between Notes and Oracle.
  * Independent development of multi-organizational architecture.
  * Independent development of new systems.

* 2014/9 ~ 2018/07: Software Engineer, Dimension Computer Technology 6140
  * Major work content: development of ERP system on Lotus Notes
    * Development and maintainance of ERP system.
    * Updating of official website.
    * Developing new features of official webpage.
    * Development of interfaces from Lotus Notes to Turnkey(e-invoice) system.
    * Development of customer's ERP system.

## Personalities

* In working, high commitment, be accountable and responsible.
* In leisure, experimental, humor and living for fun.
* Under pressure, proactively react and positive thinking.

## Educations

* 2010/9 ~ 2013/6: Computer Science and Information Engineering, National Cheng Kung University
* 2005/9 ~ 2010/6: Computer Science and Engineering, National Sun Yat-sen University
